Document cloud metadata on KSM related samples (#9082)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/get-started/changes-since-v3.mdx

While a sharded KSM setup is not supported yet, this new code was built with this future improvement in mind.

<Callout variant="note">

>   Cloud provider tags like `aws.ec2.*` are no longer present in KSM component metrics since these are aggregated from the whole cluster therefore decorating them with the tags associated to the KSM component instance will not be always correct. Samples affected are: `K8sNamespaceSample`, `K8sDeploymentSample`, `K8sReplicasetSample`, `K8sDaemonsetSample`, `K8sStatefulsetSample`, `K8sServiceSample` and `K8sHpaSample`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Cloud provider host tags, like `aws.ec2.*`, are no longer included in samples related to entities that are not strictly tied to a particular node: `K8sNamespaceSample`, `K8sDeploymentSample`, `K8sReplicasetSample`, `K8sDaemonsetSample`, `K8sStatefulsetSample`, `K8sServiceSample` and `K8sHpaSample`.
The reason for this change is that previously, these tags were erroneously sourced from a single, arbitrary node in the cluster. This resulted in misleading situations such as `K8sServiceSample` having a `hostname` property, with said `hostname` being that of a node and not the service, or a `K8sDeploymentSample` having a `numCores` property with those again being from an arbitrary node in the cluster, and not the total number of cores associated to the Deployment.
```

Author: Thanks!!
